(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
See you later.
Yoon Yi.
- Yes? - Let's go.
Okay.
(If It's a Temporary Parting...)
Does it taste bad?
I searched online for an hour for a good place.
Sorry.
But...
Why do you think that jerk was in our office?
Well, we work for the same parent company.
Anyway, what was his duty in the head office?
Planning and strategy.
Let's not talk about him while we eat.
Let's talk about something else.
Okay.
Is your guest house comfortable?
It's actually Mr. Hwangbo's house.
- Sorry? - He was whining...
that he was lonely,
and it somehow ended up that way.
Did he say why he was lonely?
He said...
that someone he trusted may not be on his side.
I'm sure owners of large corporations...
always live with doubts and suspicions.
Mr. Nam.
When you found out that I was spying for Mr. Cho,
why did you decide to believe me?
Why did you take me back?
I'm repeating what I said to Mr. Hwangbo.
Trusting someone...
means trusting regardless of that.
I wish he would...
trust that person regardless of that.
The person you have reached is unavailable.
Please leave a message after the tone.
Yoon Yi, where are you?
What do I do?
Mr. Hwangbo knows everything.
He knows who I am.
Wang Jung Ae.
Who are you?
Mr. Hwangbo...
Why did you come to me?
There was no reason. I swear.
Liar.
Everything is a lie and fake.
Your name, age, education, and family.
It's all fake.
Why did you lie and approach me?
Was it money for you too?
That's why you acted nice, like you were on my side,
being utterly fake...
and latched yourself onto me.
For money.
That's why you prepared my mom's memorial food...
and comforted me and stuff.
When I was crying,
you must've mocked me on the inside.
I didn't. I swear.
- I didn't. - I thought...
you were different.
I really thought you were on my side.
However, more than the women...
that approach me for my money,
you're worse.
Yes.
You fooled me...
completely.
- Sir, it's not like that. - Let go.
You give me goose bumps.
(Jung Ae)
Jung Ae?
Jung Ae.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
I should have never suggested this.
I must have been crazy.
He asked me if I came for his money.
He says I give him goose bumps.
Even when I tell him that's not true,
he won't listen to me.
What do I do, Yoon Yi?
I don't think I can see his face anymore.
I'm so scared...
Jung Ae, let's keep begging him.
Let's keep begging him until he forgives you.
I want to get out of here.
I don't think I can stay another second.
I can't breathe.
I should have never come to this place.
Yes. Okay.
Let's do that.
Let's do what you want.
Hey, Yoon Yi.
What if Mr. Hwangbo...
fires you because of me?
What?
No.
It's okay.
Don't worry.
It'll all pass.
(Resignation letter, Wang...)
(Resignation letter)
(Wang Jung Ae)
I'm really sorry.
All I can say...
is that I'm sorry.
You don't have to write such things anymore.
Mr. Hwangbo.
Go back to work.
Are you at a hotel?
No, at Director Hwangbo's.
You two somehow get along.
It's only for a few days.
Are you upset to leave Yoon Yi's house?
I get to see her at work.
Exactly.
It's not like you're Altair and Vega...
who only meet once a year.
There is no need to fuss.
You'll get tired of each other if you meet often.
You'll find her more precious...
if you keep a distance.
Would there be another man who gets comforted...
by his ex-father-in-law?
Of course not.
That's why you should be good to me.
Sir, the person in charge of the project team...
came from the head office.
(Senior Managing Director, Bong Jang Woo)
Senior Managing Director Bong Jang Woo?
You said he was...
from the chairman's secretary's office?
- Yes. - He got rid of Yoon Yi.
- Yes. - Wow.
Things are getting really interesting.
The one who has the power of the company merge...
is Yoon Yi's old boss?
This is so much fun.
I'm so excited.
I should make that Mr. Bong work for me.
I'll make him do my work for me.
You just wait, Chi Won.
Right, did the result of the screening come out?
Not yet.
I think the support from their department...
might change the outcome.
Those punks.
Once I become a vice president,
I will split them...
and send them away to different suburbs.
Sir.
Mr. Nam wouldn't...
just sit and watch in such a situation.
Instead of turning his staff against him,
you should recruit them...
and be prepared for emergencies.
That's a great idea.
You should look into it.
Yes, sir.
- From HR? - Yes.
I think they finished the evaluation.
- Let's go together. - No.
They only asked me,
so I'll go alone.
Okay, then.
I'll be back.
- Hello. - Hello.
Is this the video department?
The office is big and clean...
for a department with a romance scandal.
What brings you to our department?
Yoon Yi isn't here?
It's nice.
You're only a managing director,
but your office is huge.
It's a palace.
Isn't it?
You should get to the point.
Oops.
My bad.
Get to the point? My point? My point?
I heard you're planning a show...
that will blow the whistle on the company.
- Yes. - Don't do it.
Our slogan is, "Innovate Ourselves",
but there's no reason to follow it.
The secretary's office finds it very disturbing.
It's not the chairman that's disturbed.
It must be the ones in the secretary's office.
They feel guilty.
I knew you wouldn't get it in one go.
Let me repeat it.
I'll repeat it, okay?
I came here to chop people off.
If you keep your chin up like that,
I might cut your throat.
Are you an executioner?
To cut people's throats?
Our department will prove...
our worth.
Okay, okay. You can try.
However, just remember you don't have much time.
Oh, right.
You said something on the elevator once.
Was it a cartoon song? No, a quote.
Something about dreams of your colleagues?
I'll wait to see how you protect their dreams.
Oh, Mr. Bong.
Take care.
- Why is he here? - Why did he come?
This is strange.
Ms. Jwa.
We decided to transfer you.
Transfer?
Where to?
Did you hear? When are you coming?
After you blamed me for the scandal,
why did you...
request to have me as your assistant?
Because I feel bad.
I felt bad.
What will people say if I hire you again?
"The scandal must have been wrong."
"That's why they're working together."
Am I right?
It was a scandal with me, but it's a fact with him.
Things aren't looking good for him.
It doesn't take much from me...
to make him go away.
What will you do?
Do you want to come and help him stay,
or do you two want to leave together?
Don't want to answer?
You can think about it.
Hey.
That person in charge of reassigning everyone...
is the man who had the rumor with Yoon Yi?
- Yes. - Yes.
I hope it doesn't put us in trouble.
I should have just punched him earlier.
Is it a habit to throw fists at your boss?
They always fire working moms first.
What will I do if I get fired?
Chang Soo and I are in a bigger problem.
They would never renew our contracts.
I won't leave. I won't.
I won't leave without Yoon Yi.
My internship ends at the end of this month.
- What do I do? - At least you're young.
I worked 15 years in the video department.
What if they transfer me?
That would be telling me to resign.
Stop. Don't say it like our team will dismantle.
What's wrong with you guys?
Would it be better...
if we merged with Ad Planning?
Right. Mr. Cho tried to do that a few times.
Although it was tossed when Mr. Nam came along.
No. I won't allow it.
- Sir... - I better talk to them.
No. Don't do it.
Are you saying...
you will work for Mr. Bong?
Yes.
- Yoon Yi. - It's been decided.
You won't be able to change anything.
To me,
it sounds like you don't trust me.
No, I do.
But what will happen if I don't transfer?
How will that solve anything?
Mr. Bong and Mr. Cho will pressure us.
They will try harder to get rid of us.
That's why I told you I'll figure it out!
Mr. Nam.
You said so yourself.
We can't only think of us.
Before you're my boyfriend,
you're the head of this department.
However, will you put the department...
in danger for me?
An assistant is someone...
who suggests an alternative to the boss...
to help him make the right decision.
This is the alternative I'm recommending you.
Please let me...
transfer departments.
It's time for the meeting.
I'm going crazy.
Another meeting?
Gosh.
What are you doing? Come in.
Okay.
We were able to sign with the team.
This time,
I thought we should make a social contribution.
We will look into troubled youths...
who are good at games and support training.
What do you think about coming up...
with a young gaming team?
Is there anything else developed from here?
Mi Ae, this is your idea.
Yes, right.
So...
Aside from gamers,
- the game developers... - Louder.
I can't hear you.
Can't you present your own idea?
Aside from gamers,
the game developers,
graphic designers,
and story writers...
Maybe we can expand in those fields.
It's so banal.
I thought you might have something interesting.
Your ideas are so outdated.
(Whatever it is you want, you'll be able to get it.)
Before you're my boyfriend,
you're the head of this department.
However, will you put the department...
in danger for me?
Would it be better...
if we merged with Ad Planning?
Yes, sir.
Come in.
Did you ask for me?
Let's go on a date today.
- This is yours. - Thank you.
It's good.
Can I have a taste of yours?
You can have it all. It's too cold.
No, just one bite.
No, you can have it all.
Never mind, it's okay.
What's wrong? What is it?
My stomach hurts.
It does?
Why?
I think the ice cream got me sick.
Oh, no. You should've said something before.
Let me use the restroom.
- Stay here. Look around. - Okay.
- I'll be back soon. - Go ahead.
Okay.
You people...
Am I the grim reaper or something?
Why are you avoiding me?
Hey. Come closer!
- Come closer! - Yes, sir.
Good.
I'm a sweet guy...
once you get to know me.
Okay, then.
Let me pour you a drink in order of seniority.
First, Goblin. Here.
This is expensive liquor.
Nam Chi Won doesn't buy things like this, right?
I hear he doesn't even attend company dinners.
That's not true. He does.
Hey.
Gosh.
It's an honor to have you...
pour me a drink.
This is the happiest day of my life.
It must be so hard sending your kids dollars.
Gong Yoo. With the company for 15 years.
Nickname: Rifle.
He never bears the rifle,
and always turns the blame on others.
His family lives abroad.
Family abroad. Gong Yoo. Family abroad.
He looks like a comedian.
Moon Soon Young.
She's been with the company nine years,
and is a working mom raising twins.
It must be hard to work and raise kids.
You're a superwoman.
Thank you.
If the video department...
and Ad Planning merge,
it'll be an advertising video department.
Hey, Gong Yoo.
Shouldn't you be the new leader?
I'll be leaving to become the VP anyway.
Don't you agree, Director Gong?
Director?
If I could...
I'll devote my all and work like a dog.
You're saying...
our department won't be dissolved then, right?
Of course.
You people have so much value.
We can't lose that.
I'll pull you up into bigger waters,
so let's work together.
Here's to the advertising video department!
- Cheers! - Cheers!
I don't want to say bye.
No.
My key.
You said you need to pack some things.
Go ahead and pack.
Have a seat.
What do you think?
Do you like them?
So this is why...
you took so long in the bathroom earlier.
Are they comfortable?
I asked your cafe friend for your size.
When you buy a woman shoes,
it means you want her to leave.
Are you telling me...
to leave you...
forever?
When you return to being my assistant,
wear these and run to me.
I'll wait until then.
I was trying so hard...
from before not to cry.
Darn it.
Want to know a secret?
That's my handkerchief.
Sorry?
[VIU Ver] E14 Jugglers "If It's a Temporary Parting"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What is this?
Then that was...
I realized after I threw it to you...
that this...
doesn't absorb tears at all.
No wonder.
So, don't cry anymore.
Don't blow your nose.
It was expensive.
I'll wear these shoes...
and return...
to you.
Thank you.
Gosh. Where did they go?
The people who left...
asked me to give this to you.
What?
(5 bites of seafood, 3 shrimp... 32 dollars)
(12 pieces of pork, 4 drinks... 16 dollars)
(12 bites of seafood, 3 drinks... 30 dollars)
(Dieting. Drank only water. 0 dollars)
(1 chili shrimp, 6 spoons of soup... 41 dollars)
(5 pieces of pork, 2 bites of seafood... 11 dollars)
We calculated the cost of every strand...
of noodles we ate and put it in the envelope.
You just have to pay for what you ate.
P.S. We do not drink any alcohol for free...
unless Mr. Nam buys it for us.
Why you video department!
You stinky tofu punks!
- That was awesome! - So cool!
I feel so good.
That felt great!
- Yes! - Great job!
Great job!
Mi Ae, aren't you going home?
Well...
Mr. Hwangbo wanted me to work on some documents,
so I'll go when I'm done.
That isn't urgent.
I mean,
why is he being mean again?
But...
you can't quit, okay? Promise?
Good night.
Okay. Work hard.
I will.
What? Why?
I'm not the bad one.
Ms. Wang lied to me first.
Has your depression worsened that badly,
that you talk to a doll?
Maybe I shouldn't have bought her shoes.
What if she never comes back?
I should've fed her at least.
It's not nice to starve someone.
Whom did you not feed?
For whom did you buy shoes?
I asked first.
Ms. Wang.
The person you wanted to trust,
but couldn't was your assistant?
Yes.
She lied to me.
Are you angry?
Of course, I am.
She lied to me.
She made a fool of me with that fake...
naive face.
I must've lost my eye for judgment.
So, exactly what is it...
that you feel?
Is it a sense of loss for losing...
a colleague that you had trusted, or...
anger for being betrayed by the woman you liked?
So, I think...
a sense of loss is stronger. No.
Betrayal seems to be stronger...
No.
Maybe it's both.
Whatever. Whatever.
You can't categorize feelings...
into boxes, like...
red or blue, square or round!
What was that?
If you don't know how you feel, who would?
He's just a kid, so he didn't know better.
- What happened? - Hey.
A cop caught him making deliveries on a bike.
Deliveries? Why?
I'm going to drop out of school and make money.
- You brat! - Jung Ae!
Who said to make money?
Who said to do this?
Why do you keep breaking my heart?
Why are you making it so hard on me too?
Please let me breathe a little!
- I can't take this. - Jung Ae!
Jung Ae!
Don't give me that innocent look.
Jung Ae, I'm really sick of this.
That's why you acted nice, like you were on my side,
being utterly fake...
and latched yourself onto me.
For money.
You make me sick.
When you return to being my assistant,
wear these and run to me.
Hi, Gun Woo.
Who is this?
Hello?
Is my aunt...
with you, by any chance?
What?
Hey.
My aunt isn't back yet.
What's wrong with you?
Why are you referring to your mom as your aunt?
You knew?
That's right.
Then...
do you know about my dad...
What?
After my dad left us like that,
my mom...
had no choice, but to...
You haven't heard from her yet, have you?
Where could he have gone?
She's always at the office or at home.
I'll check the office.
No. I'll go. Taxi! Taxi!
This is where you came?
Why are you always the victim?
Why do you always take it?
If it's hard, say so. If you're hurting, say so.
Scream and get angry.
Because if I can put up with it,
everything becomes okay.
But you...
aren't okay.
You're hurt.
Ms. Wang.
If it's too hard for you,
take a break from work.
And...
come back.
Not as Wang Mi Ae,
but as Wang Jung Ae.
Chi Won.
Hating a person...
is really hard to do.
So,
I decided not to hate.
If you're not going to talk at all,
at least play some music.
Hey, friend.
Whom are you talking to? Me?
Yes?
Play Nell's "Time Spent Walking Through Memories".
Playing Nell's "Time Spent Walking Through Memories".
Yes?
Sir.
Here you go.
I don't drink...
sweet drinks anymore.
I understand...
why you hate me.
I know I deserve it.
I'm sorry.
Also,
thank you for finding Jung Ae...
yesterday.
And I know...
I'm shameless, but...
please take good care of Mr. Nam.
Wait. Hey.
Well... So...
If you're worried,
you can...
come over to my place.
But...
How could they take you?
Don't cry.
She'll be in the same building.
You'll visit often, right?
An assistant can't leave her desk.
It'll be hard to see her.
I'm so sad.
Where's Chang Soo?
But...
where's Mr. Nam?
I think he went out on purpose.
Gosh. I'm sure he's upset.
Okay.
I'll get going now.
I'll visit often.
You have to visit often.
Okay.
Bye.
Mr. Nam.
You can't go without seeing me.
I knew it.
You promised not to cry.
I will...
bring you back.
- So, until then... - I'll be myself,
smile a lot, eat well,
work hard,
and hang in there.
So,
don't make me wait for too long.
Please protect our department.
It has been...
a pleasure,
Mr. Nam Chi Won.
What about the unfair work distribution?
Looking at the bids over the past three years,
American Pictures,
owned by Park Soon Taek, won 14.
Alpha Pictures, for which Park Soon Taek...
is the actual owner, won 12.
They alternated.
Mr. Park. Question those in charge of the bids,
and find the relationship with Ad Planning.
Yes, sir.
I'll check the production companies that made...
the finals in the recent bid.
I'll see if there was foul play during the bidding.
Seeing how they managed to evade the annual audit,
it may be difficult...
to find any hard evidence.
But don't give up.
Let's fight all the way.
What do you mean, you won't bid?
You can't...
That Nam Chi Won guy...
Don't you know his rep from his newsroom days?
If he finds anything on us,
he may find out...
about the price fixing and rebates...
Hey.
Is there proof?
We made sure there wouldn't be a problem.
Don't worry,
and trust me, okay?
Yes, sir.
Schedule a meeting with Bong Jang Woo.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I just sent you a text.
Buy that for me tonight.
In red.
What?
You always did it before.
Yes, sir. I will.
That rat. He will never change.
Nam Chi Won's office...
I'm sorry. Bong Jang Woo's office.
It's me.
Hey.
My boss wants to have tea with Mr. Bong.
Is he free this afternoon?
Just a minute.
You look even better than when I last saw you...
at the BBA.
Your face is just glowing.
It's thanks to my aesthetician.
Even men get facials these days.
That's right.
Why don't we go together sometime?
Bring some cold water to wake him right up.
Put in lots of ice.
Bring it in.
I was burning up inside.
You're so thoughtful.
Shoot. That's all the ice we have. Darn it.
If you look at the work that overlaps,
it proves that Ad Planning can easily handle...
the video department's work.
Sure. Intra-company news can be outsourced,
or sent to each subsidiary's PR team.
That's much more efficient for the group.
Right?
Exactly.
We really get each other.
We're on the same wavelength. Right?
What?
What was that? Are you speaking down to me?
No, sir. I said, "sir."
I said, "Right, sir?"
Hey.
You were promoted from an MD's assistant...
to a Senior MD's assistant instantly.
Congratulations.
That's refreshing.
It's waking me right up.
I'll let you two talk.
That feels good.
Here's the handout for the executives meeting.
Thank you.
Should I go with you? No?
I guess I shouldn't, right?
Good luck!
Today, Bong Jang Woo,
who is in charge of reorganization,
will announce a few things...
about the reorganization.
Mr. Bong.
Hello. I'm Bong Jang Woo.
There are some familiar faces.
It's good to see you.
Since this is a group-wide process, YB Ads...
will also undergo reorganization.
Please hand these out.
The departments being considered...
for reorganization are as follows.
Okay. To start off,
Digital Marketing, Promotion,
Finance two,
and Accounting two.
And finally, the department...
being considered for dissolution...
is the video department.
Raise them well. Don't let any of them die.
I'll check.
You said they grow on their own...
even if I do nothing.
I was lying.
Cacti are the hardest to grow...
because they're so sensitive.
Just like you.
Me?
Yes.
You are all prickly as if you reject...
all interest and interference,
but if the sunlight and water are slightly off,
you get all weak.
Do you know the cactus flower meaning?
What is it?
Passionate love.
How unfitting.
Right?
That's why it's just like you.
(Need attention and love to grow.)